>> GOOD DAY.
WELCOME TO UNDERTOWN.
UH, DURIN' THE NEXT TWO HOURS
OR SO, YOU'RE GONNA SEE MANY
FASCINATING SIGHTS, UH, ALIEN
WONDERS, AND A UNIVERSE OF GREAT
BARGAINS IN THE UNDERTOWN MARKET
STALLS.
[ TOURISTS MURMURING ]
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
[ TIRES SCREECH, TOURISTS GASP ]
HEY!
WHAT IN THE NAME OF EIBOD --
[ GUN COCKS, WHIRS ]
[ GASPS ]
>> HI!
HIYA-HIYA-HIYA!
>> THIS IS A STICK-UP!
HAND OVER YOUR VALUABLES!
>> IS THIS PART OF THE TOUR?
>> GET A GOOD SHOT, WALT.
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS ]
>> THIS AIN'T NO SHOW.
COUGH 'EM UP!
[ ALL SCREAMING ]
[ BACKUP SIGNAL BEEPS ]
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
[ VEHICLE DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
>> Rook: STEP AWAY FROM THE
VEHICLE AND SURRENDER.
>> MAKE US.
>> Ben: [ SIGHS ]
I KNEW YOU WERE GONNA SAY THAT.
>> DIRT!
DIRT! DIRT!
>> Ben: THAT, NOT SO MUCH.
[ BEEP ]
>> Rath: LET ME TELL YA
SOMETHIN', YA UNDERTOWN
LOWLIFES!
NOBODY GETS TO HOLD UP TOURISTS
AS LONG AS RATH IS AROUND!
>> FRY HIM!
>> Rook: SHALL I REPEAT THE PART
ABOUT SURRENDERING?
>> Rath: DON'T WASTE YOUR
BREATH, ROOK BLONKO, ALIEN
PLUMBER PARTNER AND CONFIDANT
WHO SPEAKS WITHOUT USING
CONTRACTIONS!
[ ALL SCREAM ]
[ OMNITRIX POWERS DOWN ]
>> LOOK WHAT YOU DID TO MY BUS!
>> Ben: OH, PLEASE.
I'VE WRECKED WAY BIGGER STUFF
THAN THAT.
>>   ONCE AGAIN, FRIENDS, WE SEE
THE DANGER IN OUR VERY MIDST --
NOT ONLY FROM THE UNCATALOGED
ALIENS ROAMING ABOVE AND BELOW
THE STREETS, BUT FROM THE
UNSANCTIONED, VIOLENT, AND
SADISTIC BEN TENNYSON.
[  AUDIO FAST-FORWARDING]
>> WHOA!
WHO ARE THOSE GUYS?
>> ♪ BEN 10
>> ♪ HE'S A KID, AND HE WANTS TO
HAVE FUN ♪
>> ♪ BUT WHEN YOU NEED A
SUPERHERO, HE GETS THE JOB
DONE ♪
>> ♪ BEN 10
>> ♪ WITH A DEVICE THAT HE WEARS
ON HIS ARM ♪
>> ♪ HE CAN CHANGE HIS SHAPE AND
SAVE THE WORLD FROM HARM ♪
>> ♪ WHEN TROUBLE'S TAKING
PLACE ♪
>> ♪ HE GETS RIGHT IN ITS FACE
>> ♪ BEN 10
>> ♪ WHEN LIVES ARE ON THE
LINE ♪
>> ♪ IT'S HERO TIME
>> ♪ BEN 10
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
>> THERE'S A MANICURIST WAITING
TO SEE YOU.
>> MAKE IT QUICK.
I'M LIVE IN FIVE MINUTES.
HEY, YOU'RE NO MANICURIST!
>> WE MEET AGAIN, MR. HARRANGUE.
JIMMY JONES.
I WAS A GUEST ON YOUR SHOW.
>> NOT RINGING A BELL. SORRY.
BUT GUESTS LIKE YOU WOULD
EXPLAIN WHY MY RATINGS ARE DOWN
AND I'M BLEEDING ADVERTISERS.
>> O...KAY.
WELL, THIS IS A FRAME CAPTURE
FROM YOUR SHOW.
LOOK -- HUMANOIDS WEARING METAL.
I WANT TO FIND OUT WHY THEY'RE
THERE.
>> "HUMANOIDS," HUH?
THAT'S AN AWFUL BIG WORD.
>> I'D LIKE TO SEE THE ORIGINAL,
UNEDITED VIDEO OF THAT FIGHT
IN UNDERTOWN.
>> SURE, KID.
$150,000 FOR 30 SECONDS OF
FOOTAGE.
>> WHAT?!
I RECORDED 35 SECONDS OF IT OFF
TV!
>> THEN YOU OWE ME $150,000.
I'LL THROW IN THE EXTRA FIVE
SECONDS FOR FREE.
>> OH, COME ON!
COULD I AT LEAST TALK TO THE
CAMERAMAN WHO SHOT THE FOOTAGE?
>> GET OUT, OR I'LL CALL
SECURITY!
UNLESS YOU ACTUALLY CAN DO
NAILS.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
[ Ringing ]
IT'S ME.
LISTEN, THAT KID WITH THE ALIEN
BLOG?
HE WAS HERE, AND I THINK HE'S
ONTO YOU.
>> Dr. Chadwick: Don't concern
yourself, Mr. Harrangue.
We shall handle the situation.
>> Ben: [ SLURPS ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> Rook: I AM SURFBOARDING THE
INTERNET.
IT PROVIDES A FASCINATING
INSIGHT INTO HUMAN CULTURE.
KITTEN VIDEO...KITTEH VIDEO...
LOOK -- THIS ONE WISHES TO
"HAZ CHEESEBURGER."
AND, I RECENTLY FOUND THIS --
A YOUNG HUMAN WRITES A BLOAG
ABOUT THE PRESENCE OF ALIENS ON
EARTH.
>> Ben: YOU MEAN "BLOG."
>> Rook: HE MENTIONS YOU
FREQUENTLY.
>> Ben: [ SLURPS ]
THAT'S JIMMY JONES -- CONSPIRACY
NUT...AND A MAJOR FANBOY.
>> Rook: OOH!
THE ONE WHO EXPOSED YOUR SECRET
IDENTITY.
>> Ben: YEP.
>> Rook: THUS MAKING YOUR EVERY
MOVEMENT A MATTER OF INTEREST TO
THE MEDIA.
>> Ben: UH-HUH.
>> Rook: WHICH PRECLUDES YOUR
HAVING A HEALTHY FRIENDSHIP OF
THE BOY/GIRL VARIETY.
>> Ben: DON'T YOU HAVE A KITTEH
VIDEO YOU SHOULD BE WATCHING?
>> HEY, WHAT DO YA SAY, BEN 10?!
YOU WANT SOCKS?
WE CAN DO BUSINESS.
>> WHAT? ME?
OH, N-N-NO. [ CHUCKLES ]
I'M NOT BEN, BUT I AM DOWN HERE
TO IDENTIFY SOME NEW ALIENS FOR
MY ONLINE DATABASE.
[ BEEPING ]
[ CLANK ]
>> UH...I DON'T KNOW NOTHIN'
ABOUT NOTHIN'.
YOU WANT SOCKS?
WE CAN DO BUSINESS.
>> [ GASPS ]
>> HUH?!
>> AAAAH!
>> GUH!
>> WHAT DO YOU WANT NOW,
TENNYSON?
>> [ CHUCKLES ] SEE, NO, NO, NO.
I-I-I'M NOT BEN, BUT I AM HIS
BIGGEST FAN.
>> YEAH?
WELL, THAT MAKES ONE OF US.
HOW DO YOU HAIRLESS MONKEYS
TELL EACH OTHER APART?
>> UH...
TECHNICALLY, WE'RE APES,
BUT...ANYWAY, I-I WAS WONDERING
IF YOU'VE SEEN THE GUY IN THIS
PICTURE.
>> YOU LISTEN TO ME.
NOT ONLY DID I NOT SEE THAT GUY
IN THE PICTURE, BUT I'M SICK OF
YOU HUMANS COMIN' AROUND AND
ASKIN' IF I SEEN ANY GUY IN ANY
PICTURE!
>> I, UH... [CHUCKLES LIGHTLY]
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
>> NOW, TAKE OFF, OR I'M GONNA
GET A ROCK AND A MELON BALLER
AND HAVE MONKEY BRAINS FOR
LUNCH.
>> AH!
UM, UH, I-I'LL JUST --
>> WELL, WELL.
IF IT AIN'T --
>> DUDE, I'M JUST WEARING HIS
JACKET, OKAY?!
I'M NOT BEN 10!
>> NO, YOU'RE JIMMY JONES --
THE GUY IN MY PICTURE!
>> [ PANTING ]
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
>> Ben: DON'T BELIEVE EVERYTHING
YOU READ IN JIMMY'S BLOG.
>> Rook: YES.
MUCH OF IT APPEARS TO BE BADLY
RESEARCHED.
FOR EXAMPLE, IT SAYS HERE THAT
"BEN WENT ON A DATE WITH
ESTER THE KRAAHO."
>> Ben: ONE MOVIE, NO FOOD.
>> Rook: AND "THAT THE
INCURSIONS LEFT MILLIONS OF EGGS
IN OUR RIVERS -- A TICKING TIME
BOMB."
>> Ben: SEE? CRAZY TALK.
>> Rook: AND SPECULATION ABOUT
"MYSTERIOUS, UNCLASSIFIED
HUMANOIDS IN METAL SUITS,
SKULKING AROUND UNDERTOWN."
>> Ben: PROBABLY JUST ME TURNING
INTO [British accent] CLOCKWORK.
>> Rook: OR THOSE HUMANOIDS OVER
THERE.
>> Ben: JIMMY?!
HEY! PUT HIM DOWN!
[ PANTING ]
>> AAAH!
>> Ben: [ PANTING ]
HOW CAN HE RUN SO FAST WEARING
ALL THAT EQUIPMENT?
>> Rook: PERHAPS HIS ARMOR IS
POWER-ASSISTED.
>> Ben: THAT WAS RHETORICAL.
>> Rook: AND YET, YOU DID NOT
HAVE AN ANSWER.
[ TIRES SQUEAL ]
[ HORN HONKS ]
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
>> Ben: HEY, THAT'S...
>> Rook: SIR MORTON,
A FOREVER KNIGHT WHO WAS, UNTIL
NOW, PRESUMED DECEASED.
>> Ben: I KNOW.
I WAS DOING THE PRESUMING.
>> HAVE AT HIM, LADS.
[ BEEP ]
>> Lodestar: YOU GET THE TWINS.
I GOT THE ROBOT.
THROWING STARS? NOT A PROBLEM.
OW!
UNLESS THEY'RE NOT METAL.
>> Rook: THAT IS UNFORTUNATE.
>> Lodestar: JIMMY!
[ TIRES SQUEALING ]
>> CAREFUL, HERO, OR YOU'LL TURN
JIMMY HERE INTO A CHOPPED NERD
SALAD!
>> Lodestar: NERD? REALLY?
FACE IT, SIR DUNCE-ALOT --
YOU'RE NOT GETTING AWAY WITH
HIM.
>> [ GRUNTS ]
WHOA!
>> WHOA!
THAT...WAS...INCREDIBLE!
AW!
YOU'RE WEARING A HOODIE NOW?
I JUST BOUGHT MY OFFICIAL
REPLICA.
>> Rook: [ SIGHS ]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING DOWN HERE,
JIMMY JONES?
>> Ben: AND WHY DID THOSE
FOREVER KNIGHTS ATTACK YOU?
>> ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MEDIEVAL
MINDS?!
THAT KID YOU WENT AFTER WAS JUST
AT MY STUDIO!
DON'T YOU GET IT?!
SOMEONE FIGURES OUT I'M IN ON
THIS, I'LL BE RUINED!
>> Dr. Chadwick: SOON,
SUCH MATTERS WILL HAVE NO
CONSEQUENCE.
MY WORK IS NEARLY COMPLETE.
>> DR. CHADWICK, I'VE GIVEN YOU
A WHOLE LOT OF MONEY, BUT I
HAVEN'T SEEN A WHOLE LOT OF NEW
VIEWERS, LIKE YOU PROMISED.
>> Dr. Chadwick: [ Laughing ]
OH, COME, COME.
PEOPLE WILL WATCH YOUR LITTLE
PROGRAM AGAIN.
I ASSURE YOU.
ONCE THE FOREVER KNIGHTS ARE
RESURGENT, YOU WILL WANT YOUR
NAME LINKED TO OURS.
AS SOON AS WE HAVE COLLECTED THE
DNA PROFILES OF EVERY ALIEN IN
UNDERTOWN, THIS HIGHBREED PULSE
GENERATOR WILL REWRITE THEIR
GENETIC CODES AND TURN THEM ALL
INTO HUMANS.
>> NO MORE ALIENS?
>> Dr. Chadwick: NOT A SINGLE
ONE.
AND I SUSPECT THAT EVERY ALIEN
SPECIES ON EARTH IS REPRESENTED
IN UNDERTOWN.
>> IT'S FANTASTIC!
IF EVERY ALIEN ON EARTH BECOMES
A HUMAN, I'LL BE A HERO!
BACK ON TOP!
THE KING OF CABLE NEWS TALK!
>> Dr. Chadwick: YES.
I CAN'T IMAGINE THAT YOUR
COLLABORATION WITH THE INCURSEAN
INVASION HELPED YOUR REPUTATION
VERY MUCH.
>> COLLABORATION?!
[ SCOFFS ]
I-I    SABOTAGTHEIR INVASION,
DESPITE TENNYSON'S INTERFERENCE.
DIDN'T YOU SEE MY FIVE-PART
SPECIAL REPORT?
I EXPLAINED EVERYTHING.
HUH!
I'M TELLING YOU, THIS RATINGS
SLUMP IS A TOTAL MYSTERY.
>> Dr. Chadwick: YES. YES.
OF COURSE.
>> [ CLEARS THROAT ]
>> [ Singsong voice ] WE HAVEN'T
HAD THIS CONVERSATION.
[ Normal voice ] YOU DIDN'T SEE
ME!
I WAS NEVER HERE!
Avert your gaze!
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
>> IS THAT TRUE, WHAT YOU TOLD
HIM?
YOUR BEAM MACHINE'S GOING TO
CHANGE THE ALIENS' DNA AND TURN
THEM HUMAN?
>> Dr. Chadwick: LET US MERELY
SAY THAT MY "BEAM MACHINE" WILL
ERASE ALL ALIEN DNA ON EARTH.
AS FOR THE "TURN THEM HUMAN"
PART, WELL, ONE NEVER KNOWS,
DOES ONE?
NOW, WHERE'S THE BOY?
>> WELL, WE...HAD TO LEAVE HIM
WITH, UH...TENNYSON.
>> Dr. Chadwick: YOUR
INCOMPETENCE AMAZES ME, SIR!
>> WE'LL GET HIM NEXT TIME.
>> Dr. Chadwick: WELL, YOU HAD
BETTER!
WAIT.
YES.
I THINK PERHAPS WE CAN FINALLY
PUT TENNYSON AND HIS ALIEN
OMNITRIX TO GOOD USE.
>> Ben: HOW DO YOU KNOW IT WAS A
DNA SCANNER?
>> OKAY, ONE, I AM AN EXPERT ON
ALIEN TECHNOLOGY.
TWO, I WATCHED THE VIDEO, LIKE,
A HUNDRED TIMES.
SO, THREE, I AM SURE THAT'S WHAT
THE KNIGHTS USED ON THAT ROBBER
YOU CLOBBERED.
>> Rook: THIS IS DISTURBING
NEWS, IF TRUE.
>> Ben: YEAH, EXCEPT IT ISN'T.
ONE, THOSE GUYS WE FOUGHT TODAY?
THEY'RE JUST REHEATED LEFTOVERS.
THE FOREVER KNIGHTS ARE HISTORY.
AND TWO, HE'S JUST A KID.
>> AND THREE, IF ANYBODY KNOWS
WHAT IT'S LIKE TO HAVE EVERYONE
SAY "HE'S JUST A KID," IT'S YOU!
>> Ben: FINE.
WE'LL...FIND OUT WHAT'S UP.
>> CAN I HELP?
>> Both: NO!
>> Dr. Chadwick: THEY'RE ON THE
MOVE -- AND LOOKING FOR US, WITH
ANY LUCK.
>> UM, H-H-HOW IS THAT LUCKY?
>> Dr. Chadwick: BECAUSE IT
GIVES YOU AN OPPORTUNITY TO TAKE
THE TENNYSON AND HIS OMNITRIX.
>> EASILY SAID.
>> Dr. Chadwick: HOLD OUT THE
SCANNER.
YOU'VE BEEN USING THIS DEVICE TO
COLLECT DNA DATA, BUT IT CAN
ALSO SERVE AS A GENETIC
DISRUPTOR.
>> IN ENGLISH, PLEASE.
>> Dr. Chadwick: EVERY TIME
TENNYSON TURNS INTO A DIFFERENT
ALIEN, SCAN HIM.
[ CHUCKLES EVILLY ]
YOU'LL LOVE WHAT HAPPENS NEXT.
[ DEVICE BEEPING ]
[ CREATURES BELLOWING ]
>> HO-HO-HO!
THIS SHOULD GET HIS ATTENTION.
[ RUMBLING ]
>> Ben: DO...YOU HEAR SOMETHING?
>> Rook: YES, I DO.
HUH?
>> Ben: [ GRUNTS ]
>> Rook: DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING.
ALIEN TECHNOLOGY IS VERY
COMPLICATED.
>> I TOLD YOU, I'M AN EXPERT
AT --
>> Rook: TOUCH...NOTHING.
THOSE BERYLLIAN BOVINES MUST
HAVE BROKEN OUT OF RAZZKERBAG'S
STOCKYARD.
>> Ben Mummy: OVER ON
GLABROUS PLACE?
THEN THEY NEED TO HANG A LEFT.
[ BOVINES MOOING ]
AND ONE MORE LEFT!
>> Ben: GOOD AS NEW.
>> Rook: THIS MAY HAVE BEEN A
TRAP.
>> Ben: HUH?
WHY WOULD YOU THINK THAT?
>> GIVE IT UP.
YOU'RE OUTNUMBERED.
>> Ben: YEAH?
WELL, OUTNUMBER THIS!
HUH.
O...KAY.
[ BEEP ]
>> Ampfibian: READY FOR A SHOCK
TO YOUR SYSTEM?
>> Ben: WHAT IS WITH THIS THING?
>> Rook: JIMMY WAS CORRECT.
THEY ARE SCANNING DNA.
STOP CHANGING FORMS!
YOU ARE SUPPLYING THEM WITH MORE
DATA!
>> Ben: WELL, IF I CAN'T TURN
INTO AN ALIEN, HOW CAN I FIGHT
THEM?!
>> YOU CAN'T.
[ CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING ]
>> Ben: [ SIGHS ]
I HATE FORCE FIELDS!
[ BEEP ]
OH, MAN!
[ OMNITRIX BEEPING ]
[ OMNITRIX SPUTTERS ]
WELL, THAT WAS A WASTE OF TIME.
>> Rook: AS I SAID, BEN, THE
MORE YOU CHANGE, THE MORE DATA
THEY COLLECT.
>> Dr. Chadwick: YOU'RE REALLY
MUCH MORE STUBBORN THAN YOU ARE
SMART.
>> Ben: NOTHING WRONG WITH THAT.
>> Rook: IN FACT --
>> Ben: THERE'S NOTHING...
WRONG...WITH THAT.
>> Rook: ALL RIGHT.
>> AND NEED I REMIND YOU,
THAT FORCE FIELD IS QUITE
IMPENETRABLE.
ESCAPE IS, IN SHORT, IMPOSSIBLE.
>> Ben: WHAT HAPPENED,
DR. CHAD-WACK?
THEY KICK YOU OUT OF THE HOME
FOR OLD PSYCHOS?
>> Dr. Chadwick: MM...YES.
BUT ONCE I GET THE OMNITRIX FROM
YOU, I CAN RETIRE GRACEFULLY.
>> Ben: YOU DON'T EXPECT ME TO
JUST HAND IT OVER, DO YOU?
>> Dr. Chadwick: OHHH, OF COURSE
NOT.
THAT WOULDN'T BE HALF AS MUCH
FUN.
>> THAT'S IT!
I CAN'T JUST SIT HERE!
I GOT TO HELP BEN!
PLUS, I HAVE TO GO TO THE
BATHROOM.
[ BEEP ]
HUH! EASY!
[ TIRES SQUEAL ]
[ CAT YOWLS ]
[ GASPING ]
OOPS!
BUT DRIVING?
DRIVING IS HARD!
>> Dr. Chadwick: YES.
THIS WILL MAKE QUITE A MESS OF
THE, UM...GRISTLE.
>> Ben: NOT REALLY A MEDICAL
DOCTOR, HUH?
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
>> LOOK, CHADWICK, YOU CAN
IGNORE MY CALLS ALL YOU LIKE,
BUT I WILL KEEP COMING DOWN HERE
UNTIL YOU --
WOOO?
>> Ben: WOW, HARRANGUE.
BEING AN INCURSEAN LAPDOG WASN'T
ENOUGH?
YOU HAD TO SIGN UP WITH THE
FOREVER NUTS, TOO?
>> I'LL DO WHATEVER IT TAKES TO
MAKE SURE THAT YOU, SIR, ARE
FINALLY BROUGHT TO JUSTICE.
>> Ben: JUSTICE HAS NOTHING TO
DO WITH IT.
THEY'RE GOING TO VAPORIZE EVERY
ALIEN ON THE PLANET.
IS THAT HOW YOU WANT TO GO DOWN
IN HISTORY?
THERE IS SUCH A THING AS BAD
PRESS!
>> I WILL NOT LISTEN TO YOUR
LIES!
THAT IS A LIE, ISN'T IT?
>> Dr. Chadwick: HE'S ONLY
TRYING TO TALK HIS WAY OUT OF
THE PUNISHMENT HE DESERVES.
>> UH...YOU SURE?
BECAUSE I ENDORSE A LOT OF
HEALTH PRODUCTS.
MASSACRES WILL NOT GO OVER WELL
WITH MY SPONSORS.
>> Dr. Chadwick: MM.
YOU HAVE NOTHING TO FEAR.
WE'LL CONTINUE OUR "CHAT"
SHORTLY.
LET ME SHOW YOU TO YOUR CAR.
THIS NEIGHBORHOOD IS NOT SAFE,
YOU KNOW.
>> YOU'RE TELLING ME.
>> Ben: HOW ARE WE GONNA GET OUT
OF HERE?
>> Rook: I DO NOT KNOW.
THE KNIGHTS TOOK OUR EQUIPMENT.
NO ONE KNOWS WE ARE HERE.
[ TIRES SCREECH ]
>> [ COUGHS ]
HI GUYS!
>> Ben: CAREFUL, JIMMY!
IF YOU PUSH THE WRONG BUTTON --
[ GASPS ]
OW!
HOLD STILL, ROOK.
I'LL CUT YOU OUT IN --
WHAAH!
>> ALIEN TECHNOLOGY!
VERY COMPLICATED!
>> Ben: YEAH.
AND LET THAT BE A LESSON TO YOU.
>> Dr. Chadwick: KEEP THEM AWAY
FROM THE GENERATOR!
>> Rook: YOU MAY TRANSFORM AT
WILL.
>> Ben: THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
[ BEEP ]
>> Wildmutt: [ GROWLS ]
>> WILDMUTT! [ CHUCKLES ]
AH, THE CLASSICS.
>> Dr. Chadwick: IMPRESSIVE
PERFORMANCE, BUT FUTILE.
YOU HAVE STOPPED ME FROM
DESTROYING ALL OF THE ALIENS ON
EARTH.
STILL, WE COLLECTED DOZENS OF
DNA SAMPLES.
SO EVEN WITHOUT YOUR OMNITRIX
DATA, THE LOSS OF LIFE WILL BE
MASSIVE!
[ CLUNK ]
HUH?
>> YOU'RE A BAD MAN!
YOU'RE A VERY, VERY BAD MAN!
[ GENERATOR POWERS UP ]
>> Ben: WHERE'S THE OFF SWITCH,
ROOK?!
>> Rook: THERE IS NONE.
THIS DEVICE WILL ERADICATE
MILLIONS OF ALIENS HERE ON
EARTH -- INCLUDING ME.
>> Ben: OH, YEAH.
>> BEN! TURN INTO GREY MATTER!
HE'S THE ONLY ONE WITH THE
BRAINS TO STOP THIS THING!
>> Rook: I AGREE.
YOUR GALVAN FORM -- QUICKLY!
>> Ben: WHAT IF THE OMNITRIX
DOESN'T GIVE ME THE RIGHT ALIEN?
HUH?!
I'M NOT SMART ENOUGH ON MY OWN
TO --
>> Both: DO IT!
[ BEEP ]
>> JURYRIGG?!
IS HE EVEN SMART?
>> Juryrigg: SMART AND STUBBORN!
PBHT!
FIX-FIX-FIX-FIX-FIX!
TA-DA!
>> DID YOU...STOP IT?
>> Juryrigg: [ CACKLES ]
>> YOU'RE ALIVE!
IT WAS A DUD!
>> Rook: APPARENTLY.
DID YOU NEUTRALIZE THE PULSE
GENERATOR OR NOT?
NOTHING HAPPENED.
>> Juryrigg: OH, SOMETHING
HAPPENED -- SOMETHING BIG!
BIG-BIG-BIG-BIG-BIG-BIG!
[ CACKLES ]
>> Rook: BEN? WHAT DID YOU DO?
Juryrigg: [ CACKLES ]
[  "AMERICA THE BEAUTIFUL"
PLAYS ]
>> [ YAWNS ]
[ MUTTERING ]
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
>> ♪ BEN 10
♪ BEN 10